From the 1860s to the 1890s, the Qing Dynasty's navy was known as the First Fleet of the Far East, or the First Naval Force of Asia. China's navy was the first naval force in Asia, but they were unaware that the Japanese were also secretly reacting. What marked the failure of the Westernization Movement? It was the Battle of the Yellow Sea in 1895, where Chinese warships fought against Japanese warships, and then the entire navy was revived by the Western naval forces. In 1895, Li Hongzhang signed a treaty with the Japanese, the Treaty of Shimonoseki. A significant event occurred as a result of the Treaty of Shimonoseki, Taiwan was ceded to Japan. Thus, Taiwan entered a fifty-year period of Japanese rule, or a period of Japanese drama, a full fifty years. Therefore, Taiwan was a colony of Japan from 1895 to 1945, a full half-century. After the Beiyang Fleet was annihilated overnight in 1895, China, which had taught Japanese culture for thousands of years, became the second country in Asia overnight, and Japan suddenly rose to power. At this time, the Chinese began to realize that buying foreign guns and cannons was not the solution, and we could not continue to buy foreign guns and cannons. So, after 1895, we began to truly realize that Western politics, culture, science, and thought were the most useful for the Chinese. To change a nation, a country, at that time when the Qing Dynasty was on the verge of collapse, and the Chinese nation was facing extinction, we needed to change our thinking, not rely on foreign guns and cannons. Why should we rely on changing our thinking? Japan became our new teacher because Japan began to implement the Meiji Restoration after 1861. So, at the end of the 18th century and the beginning of the 19th century, we translated many Western works. Often, the Japanese first translated from English to Japanese, and then we Chinese translated from Japanese to Chinese. Because the relationship between Japan and China was very close, there were many Chinese characters at that time, and learning Japanese was relatively easy, and they were almost of the same origin and group. So, many Chinese at that time went to study in the East first, including us, and later, of course, after the Boxer Rebellion, many people went to study in the United States. So, in the beginning, Japan became our teacher. So, after Japan changed its political thought system, it became powerful. In 1905, a very absurd thing happened, that is, two Asian giants, one is Japan and the other is Russia, decided to fight a deadly battle on China's democracy. Isn't it funny? It's like two neighbors living next to your house, two neighbors want to fight, to see who is stronger, and the final choice of place is what? The final choice is your house. You have a sense of humiliation behind you, you must have a sense of shame, but you are helpless. You see two giants running directly into your house, smashing things, and then fighting each other. So, a small Japan defeated a traditional Russian Empire, so Japan suddenly became the first strong country in the world and the hegemon of Asia. You need to know, this is very sad, in the Northeast, two giants fought a battle on China's democracy, this is a very funny thing. So you see, China had already reached the urgent age of reform. So, as I just said, we need to learn not only scientific and technological knowledge, but also their ideological concepts, culture, and literature. So, by 1898, my teacher, Tie Tianshan, designated 1898 as the beginning of the history of modern Chinese literary translation. This is an important part of the third translation draft, and there are three points in it, which I will discuss in detail. The first one is that in 1898, Yan Fu proposed that there were three difficulties in translation, which is the concept of "faithfulness, expressiveness, and elegance". Our translation students, you must know, you must know the concept of "faithfulness, expressiveness, and elegance". I hope that after you have taken my translation course, you can forget the name of your future translation teacher, but you must remember that we have Yan Fu. In the next class, I will introduce you to Nida, remember these two people, and you can basically go out and brag with people. The second one is that Yan Fu proposed "faithfulness, expressiveness, and elegance". What did Yan Fu translate? It is "Evolution and Ethics", the so-called Evolution and Ethics. Evolution and Ethics is written by a Westerner named Huxley, which will be discussed later, you don't need to worry about it, because